Contributors.md, before:

# Credits

Many thanks to all contributors (listed in no particular order :)

### Special thanks goes to:

- [**Julian Javier Gomez - Axinen Design**](https://github.com/AxinenDesign) for the wonderful **material design icon**

- [**Arianna Masciolini**](https://github.com/harisont) for the original precise volume control implementation

- [**Steven Schoen**](https://github.com/DSteve595) for the search function [fixes](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/commit/1c27ff3421dbf7820608237dc60a974955efb022) and quick [support](https://github.com/reddit/IndicatorFastScroll/issues/30)


### General credits:

- [**Jnss98b**](https://github.com/Jnss98b) for helping me to implement [edge-to-edge](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/issues/86)

- [**Robin H.**](https://github.com/r2binx) for the Android 10's playback issues [**fix**](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/commit/237281e601d5d120ed250bb1a10c94e554165b48)

- [**IzzySoft**](https://github.com/IzzySoft) and [**Poussinou**](https://github.com/Poussinou) for setting up the **F-Droid** repository

- [**Somesh Kumar**](https://github.com/TheSomeshKumar) for Hindi translations

- [**TacoTheDank**](https://github.com/TacoTheDank) for upgrades to gradle and java 1.8

- [**Dankan1890**](https://github.com/dankan1890) for some fixes to bluetooth devices

- [**Harry**](https://github.com/HarryHeights) for privacy policy

- [**olayhemy**](https://github.com/olayhemy) for FAQ

- [**andOTP**](https://github.com/andOTP) for "Get it on GitHub" download badge


### Big thanks to translators:

- [**Adem Furkan ÖZCAN**](https://github.com/Adem68) for **Turkish** translations

- [**Heimen Stoffels**](https://github.com/Vistaus) for **Dutch** translations

- [**zmni**](https://github.com/zmni) for **Indonesian** translations

- [**Malte Kiefer**](https://github.com/beli3ver) for **German** translations

- [**Luis F. Uceta**](https://github.com/uzluisf) for **Spanish** translations

- [**Stanislav**](https://github.com/STWheel) for **Ukrainian** and **Russian** translations and other strings/ui refinements

- [**KowalskiOmniROM**](https://github.com/KowalskiOmniROM) for **French** translations

- [**Somesh Kumar**](https://github.com/TheSomeshKumar) for **Hindi** translations

Commit message:

Android Q: fix a crash while retrieving relative path
thanks @pirhszm for reporting

Signed-off-by: enricocid <enrico2588@gmail.com>

Contributors.md, after:

# Credits

Many thanks to all contributors (listed in no particular order :)

### Special thanks goes to:

- [**Julian Javier Gomez - Axinen Design**](https://github.com/AxinenDesign) for the wonderful **material design icon**

- [**Arianna Masciolini**](https://github.com/harisont) for the original precise volume control implementation

- [**Steven Schoen**](https://github.com/DSteve595) for the search function [fixes](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/commit/1c27ff3421dbf7820608237dc60a974955efb022) and quick [support](https://github.com/reddit/IndicatorFastScroll/issues/30)


### General credits:

- **Luigi Sforza**, [**Friso Smith**](https://github.com/fwSmit), [**GuinnessX**](https://github.com/GuinnessX) for having reported a critical [issue](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/issues/105) and for debugging

- [**bullhead**](https://github.com/bullheadandplato) for dialogs titles blinking cursor [fixes](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/pull/121)

- [**seventhsonmizo**](https://github.com/seventhsonmizo) for Android Q [issue](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/issues/110) report and debugging

- [**Jnss98b**](https://github.com/Jnss98b) for helping me to implement [edge-to-edge](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/issues/86)

- [**Robin H.**](https://github.com/r2binx) for the Android 10's playback issues [**fix**](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/commit/237281e601d5d120ed250bb1a10c94e554165b48)

- [**IzzySoft**](https://github.com/IzzySoft) and [**Poussinou**](https://github.com/Poussinou) for setting up the **F-Droid** repository

- [**Somesh Kumar**](https://github.com/TheSomeshKumar) for Hindi translations

- [**TacoTheDank**](https://github.com/TacoTheDank) for upgrades to gradle and java 1.8

- [**Dankan1890**](https://github.com/dankan1890) for some fixes to bluetooth devices

- [**Harry**](https://github.com/HarryHeights) for privacy policy

- [**olayhemy**](https://github.com/olayhemy) for FAQ

- [**andOTP**](https://github.com/andOTP) for "Get it on GitHub" download badge


### Big thanks to translators:

- [**keddad**](https://github.com/keddad) for **Russian** translations

- [**Nathan Bonnemains**](https://github.com/NathanBnm) for **French** translations

- [**Adem Furkan ÖZCAN**](https://github.com/Adem68) for **Turkish** translations

- [**Heimen Stoffels**](https://github.com/Vistaus) for **Dutch** translations

- [**zmni**](https://github.com/zmni) for **Indonesian** translations

- [**Malte Kiefer**](https://github.com/beli3ver) for **German** translations

- [**Luis F. Uceta**](https://github.com/uzluisf) for **Spanish** translations

- [**Stanislav**](https://github.com/STWheel) for **Ukrainian** and **Russian** translations and other strings/ui refinements

- [**KowalskiOmniROM**](https://github.com/KowalskiOmniROM) for **French** translations

- [**Somesh Kumar**](https://github.com/TheSomeshKumar) for **Hindi** translations
