FAQ.md, before:

# Music-Player-GO - Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

For a list of **supported media formats** and related issues, please refer to [supported formats page](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/blob/master/FORMATS.md).

This FAQ will be continually updated to accommodate new information with respect to new updates and changes on the app, and will be used inside the app to help users find answers to their questions.


### What is Music Player GO?

It is a lightweight, original, privacy-friendly, and **ads-free** music player that plays music from your local music library. It has a colorful and extremely simple UI.


### Where can I download Music Player GO?

Music Player GO can be downloaded [here](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.iven.musicplayergo) on the Google Play Store, and [here](https://f-droid.org/packages/com.iven.musicplayergo/) on F-Droid. 


### How can I contribute to translations?

Please have a look [here](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/issues/114). :)


### Can I customize the app's theme to my taste?

1. Yes, you can choose between 3 themes:

 - Light
 - Dark
 - Automatic: this mode will follow system settings in Android Q and battery levels in pre-Q as suggested in the [guidelines](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/look-and-feel/darktheme).

2. 19 colorful accents... sounds good?


### Where is the deep black dark theme?

Deep black dark theme is not available. To express elevation and depth, it is highly recommended to "darken with grey rather than black".
Moreover, **accessibility** has to be taken into account.
Having said that, feature requests asking for deep black theme won't be considered. Guidelines can be found [here](https://material.io/design/color/dark-theme.html).


### Why are accents 'lighter' in the dark theme?

As per [guidelines](https://material.io/design/color/dark-theme.html), primary colors are desaturated for **accessibility**: saturated colors also produce optical vibrations against a dark background, which can induce eye strain.
Instead, desaturated colors can be used as a more legible alternative.


### Does Music Player GO use an equalizer?

Yes, Music Player GO uses the built-in system (default) equalizer (if it exists) on the device.
The equalizer can be found in the "now playing" dialog.


### Does Music Player GO play music tracks from online sources?

No, Music Player GO doesn't play music tracks from any online source.
It only plays from the local library.


### Does Music Player GO access the internet?

No, Music Player GO does not access the internet.
The internet permission is not required by this app.


### How does Music Player GO categorized music tracks?

Music is categorized by artists and folders.
Artists' music are in turn categorized by albums.
Folders can be considered albums.
Each album consists of tracks of the same album.


### Where is the edge-to-edge option (Lollipop, Marshmallow, Nougat, or Oreo (8.0))?

This feature is not supported on these Android versions.
It has been added in API level 27 (Android 8.1 (Oreo MR1)) to avoid issues with navigation bar button visibility: [light navigation bar](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/R.attr#windowLightNavigationBar) is in fact available since API 27.


### Can I exclude folders from my library?

No, the music library is scanned by the operating system. To exclude folders, create a file and name it ".nomedia", and place it in the respective folder.


### What about features requests/crash reports?

1. Not all requests can be taken into considerationk unfortunately. This could happen for a variety of reasons:

   - The feature is too complex, clashing with the philosophy behind the app: KISS (keep it simple, stupid)
   - The developer is kinda poor and can't afford resources like real devices needed for testing purposes (a dying Nexus 5 being his testing device for now), or a good computer that can ensure emulator usage. This is the case of issues [#29](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/issues/29) and [#51](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/issues/51).
   - The feature just does not match the developer's needs. Keep in mind that this app is built around the developer's usage needs and that it was shared for the love of open-source.
   - The developer is a chemist with an unstable work condition in real life, sometimes time is just short...
   - Lack of motivation/interest

2. A crash report is useful only when a logcat and detailed explanation on how to reproduce the bug is provided. If you don't know how to proceed, just send an email to the developer to receive guidance.


### Does this app keeps any information or data about me or my device?

**Information or data is not kept by this app**. Neither the device's nor owner's information is obtained by this app.


If you have other questions that are not listed in the above FAQ, kindly ask by creating an issue.
We will be available to give answers to your questions.

Commit message:

FAQ: what is audio focus?
Signed-off-by: enricocid <enrico2588@gmail.com>

FAQ.md, after:

# Music-Player-GO - Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

For a list of **supported media formats** and related issues, please refer to [supported formats page](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/blob/master/FORMATS.md).

This FAQ will be continually updated to accommodate new information with respect to new updates and changes on the app, and will be used inside the app to help users find answers to their questions.


### What is Music Player GO?

It is a lightweight, original, privacy-friendly, and **ads-free** music player that plays music from your local music library. It has a colorful and extremely simple UI.


### Where can I download Music Player GO?

Music Player GO can be downloaded [here](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.iven.musicplayergo) on the Google Play Store, and [here](https://f-droid.org/packages/com.iven.musicplayergo/) on F-Droid. 


### How can I contribute to translations?

Please have a look [here](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/issues/114). :)


### Can I customize the app's theme to my taste?

1. Yes, you can choose between 3 themes:

 - Light
 - Dark
 - Automatic: this mode will follow system settings in Android Q and battery levels in pre-Q as suggested in the [guidelines](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/look-and-feel/darktheme).

2. 19 colorful accents... sounds good?


### Where is the deep black dark theme?

Deep black dark theme is not available. To express elevation and depth, it is highly recommended to "darken with grey rather than black".
Moreover, **accessibility** has to be taken into account.
Having said that, feature requests asking for deep black theme won't be considered. Guidelines can be found [here](https://material.io/design/color/dark-theme.html).


### Why are accents 'lighter' in the dark theme?

As per [guidelines](https://material.io/design/color/dark-theme.html), primary colors are desaturated for **accessibility**: saturated colors also produce optical vibrations against a dark background, which can induce eye strain.
Instead, desaturated colors can be used as a more legible alternative.


### Does Music Player GO use an equalizer?

Yes, Music Player GO uses the built-in system (default) equalizer (if it exists) on the device.
The equalizer can be found in the "now playing" dialog.


### What is audio focus?

Audio focus is an Android feature to moderate media app's playback and
avoid multiple media app play at the same time.
Every media app should request and receive the audio focus. This option is enabled by default in MPGO:
1. It pauses if another app requests audio focus
2. It lowers its volume when a new message is received.


### Does Music Player GO play music tracks from online sources?

No, Music Player GO doesn't play music tracks from any online source.
It only plays from the local library.


### Does Music Player GO access the internet?

No, Music Player GO does not access the internet.
The internet permission is not required by this app.


### How does Music Player GO categorized music tracks?

Music is categorized by artists and folders.
Artists' music are in turn categorized by albums.
Folders can be considered albums.
Each album consists of tracks of the same album.


### Where is the edge-to-edge option (Lollipop, Marshmallow, Nougat, or Oreo (8.0))?

This feature is not supported on these Android versions.
It has been added in API level 27 (Android 8.1 (Oreo MR1)) to avoid issues with navigation bar button visibility: [light navigation bar](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/R.attr#windowLightNavigationBar) is in fact available since API 27.


### Can I exclude folders from my library?

No, the music library is scanned by the operating system. To exclude folders, create a file and name it ".nomedia", and place it in the respective folder.


### What about features requests/crash reports?

1. Not all requests can be taken into considerationk unfortunately. This could happen for a variety of reasons:

   - The feature is too complex, clashing with the philosophy behind the app: KISS (keep it simple, stupid)
   - The developer is kinda poor and can't afford resources like real devices needed for testing purposes (a dying Nexus 5 being his testing device for now), or a good computer that can ensure emulator usage. This is the case of issues [#29](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/issues/29) and [#51](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/issues/51).
   - The feature just does not match the developer's needs. Keep in mind that this app is built around the developer's usage needs and that it was shared for the love of open-source.
   - The developer is a chemist with an unstable work condition in real life, sometimes time is just short...
   - Lack of motivation/interest

2. A crash report is useful only when a logcat and detailed explanation on how to reproduce the bug is provided. If you don't know how to proceed, just send an email to the developer to receive guidance.


### Does this app keeps any information or data about me or my device?

**Information or data is not kept by this app**. Neither the device's nor owner's information is obtained by this app.


If you have other questions that are not listed in the above FAQ, kindly ask by creating an issue.
We will be available to give answers to your questions.
