README.md, before:

# <img src ="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b5/Kotlin-logo.png" width=24> Music-Player-GO

[FAQ](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/blob/master/FAQ.md) -  [Privacy policy](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/blob/master/Privacy.md)

[![Awesome Kotlin Badge](https://kotlin.link/awesome-kotlin.svg)](https://github.com/KotlinBy/awesome-kotlin) [![API](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-21%2B-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://android-arsenal.com/api?level=21) [![Donate on PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/PayPal-Donate%20Now-brightgreen.svg)](https://paypal.me/enricocid)

###### Very slim and nice music player with low memory footprint!
###### Now available in Kotlin language
###### Current version: (108) 3.5.2.6
###### Material Design Icon by Julian Javier Gomez, Axinen Design (https://plus.google.com/u/0/+AxinenDesign)


![ScreenShot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/master/icon2.png) 


# Screenshots

![Screenshots](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/master/screenshots_v3-5-2.png) 


# Download

[<img alt="Get it on Google Play" height="80" src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en_badge_web_generic.png">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.iven.musicplayergo)
[<img alt="Get it on F-Droid" height="80" src="https://gitlab.com/fdroid/artwork/raw/master/badge/get-it-on.png">](https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=com.iven.musicplayergo)

# Features:

### Unifield UI, the way I'd like it to be:

- Colorful, simple and 'unified' UI: no need to navigate between screens;
- Awesome typeface: Raleway + Roboto condensed;
- Expandable bottom panel: player controls/settings:
  - Played song info: a click opens the played Artist's page;
  - Skip to previous song (long click enables 1x);
  - Play/pause;
  - Skip to next song;
- Music organized by Artist;
- Revealable Artist's page: albums/songs;
- Colorful Wave scroller;
- Search bar (which can be disabled);
- Dark status bar icons (available from Android Marshmallow);

### Settings at hand: 

- Dynamic shuffle button: randomly plays the device/Artist songs;
- System equalizer (if present on the device);
- Themes (light and inverted) toggle;
- Search bar visibility toggle;
- Link to git page;
- 16 awesome UI accents!;


### Other features: 

- Pause/resume when the headsets are (dis)connected;
- Simple audio focus (notifications, calls, or other media apps) management;


### Minimal code:

*Based on nothing: it was written from scratch besides few snippets here and there*

### What does this cost?
*Music Player GO will always be free! Anyway, you can still buy me a beer, an ice cream or something via [PayPal](https://www.paypal.me/enricocid) if You really liked it! :)*

### Dependencies/API used: 

  - kotlin-stdlib;
  - AndroidX;
  - ViewModel and LiveData;
  - Android Support Design (Material Design Components);
  - Android Support Library v4 core-utils;
  - Android Support Library v4 media-compat;

# Credits:

- **Julian Javier Gomez - Axinen Design** (https://plus.google.com/u/0/+AxinenDesign) for the wonderful **material design icon**

- https://material.io/tools/icons/?style=round for icons

- **IzzySoft** (@IzzySoft https://github.com/IzzySoft) and **Poussinou** (@Poussinou https://github.com/Poussinou) for setting up the F-Droid repository

- **TacoTheDank** (@TacoTheDank - https://github.com/TacoTheDank) for updates to gradle/java 1.8

- **Dankan1890** (@dankan1890 - https://github.com/dankan1890) for some fixes to bluetooth devices

- **Harry** (@HarryHeights - https://github.com/HarryHeights) for Privacy policy

- **olayhemy** (@olayhemy ttps://github.com/olayhemy) for FAQ

- **solartcc** (@solartcc - https://github.com/solartcc) for part of the WaveSideBar:
https://github.com/Solartisan/WaveSideBar

- **sagorahmed** (@sagorahmed - https://github.com/sagorahmed) for an important bug report #62

- **Alex Lockwood** (@alexjlockwood - https://github.com/alexjlockwood) for his important efforts on explaining Android patterns (https://www.androiddesignpatterns.com)

# Big thanks to translators:

- **Adem Furkan ÖZCAN** (@ozcanfurkan - https://github.com/ozcanfurkan) for Turkish translations

- **Malte Kiefer** (@beli3ver - https://github.com/beli3ver) for German translations

- **Luis F. Uceta** (@uzluisf - https://github.com/uzluisf) for Spanish translations

- **Stanislav** (@STWheel - https://github.com/STWheel) for Ukrainian and Russian translations and other strings/ui refinements

- **KowalskiOmniROM** (@KowalskiOmniROM https://github.com/KowalskiOmniROM) for French translations

- **Somesh Kumar** (@TheSomeshKumar https://github.com/TheSomeshKumar) for Hindi translations

Commit message:

Add info for users abusing Google PlayStore "1-star" to ask for features
Signed-off-by: enricocid <enrico2588@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# <img src ="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b5/Kotlin-logo.png" width=24> Music-Player-GO

[FAQ](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/blob/master/FAQ.md) -  [Privacy policy](https://github.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/blob/master/Privacy.md)

[![Awesome Kotlin Badge](https://kotlin.link/awesome-kotlin.svg)](https://github.com/KotlinBy/awesome-kotlin) [![API](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-21%2B-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://android-arsenal.com/api?level=21) [![Donate on PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/PayPal-Donate%20Now-brightgreen.svg)](https://paypal.me/enricocid)

###### Very slim and nice music player with low memory footprint!
###### Now available in Kotlin language
###### Current version: (108) 3.5.2.6
###### Material Design Icon by Julian Javier Gomez, Axinen Design (https://plus.google.com/u/0/+AxinenDesign


![ScreenShot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/master/icon2.png) 


# Screenshots

![Screenshots](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/enricocid/Music-Player-GO/master/screenshots_v3-5-2.png) 


# Download

[<img alt="Get it on Google Play" height="80" src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en_badge_web_generic.png">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.iven.musicplayergo)
[<img alt="Get it on F-Droid" height="80" src="https://gitlab.com/fdroid/artwork/raw/master/badge/get-it-on.png">](https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=com.iven.musicplayergo)

# Features:

### Unifield UI, the way I'd like it to be:

- Colorful, simple and 'unified' UI: no need to navigate between screens;
- Awesome typeface: Raleway + Roboto condensed;
- Expandable bottom panel: player controls/settings:
  - Played song info: a click opens the played Artist's page;
  - Skip to previous song (long click enables 1x);
  - Play/pause;
  - Skip to next song;
- Music organized by Artist;
- Revealable Artist's page: albums/songs;
- Colorful Wave scroller;
- Search bar (which can be disabled);
- Dark status bar icons (available from Android Marshmallow);

### Settings at hand: 

- Dynamic shuffle button: randomly plays the device/Artist songs;
- System equalizer (if present on the device);
- Themes (light and inverted) toggle;
- Search bar visibility toggle;
- Link to git page;
- 16 awesome UI accents!;


### Other features: 

- Pause/resume when the headsets are (dis)connected;
- Simple audio focus (notifications, calls, or other media apps) management;


### Minimal code:

*Based on nothing: it was written from scratch besides few snippets here and there*


### What does this cost?

*Music Player GO will always be free! Anyway, you can still buy me a beer, an ice cream or something via [PayPal](https://www.paypal.me/enricocid) if You really liked it! :)*


### Just a notice about features request:

1. As stated in FAQ,Not all requests will be taken into consideration as the player mainly reflects my needs! If I add the label 'feature request' on a issue then it will be worked, but it may require time!

2. Giving *1 star* on Google PlayStore:
- Won't accelerate the implementation process.
- Won't give priority to Your request.
- Won't let Your feature request to be approved (probably quite the opposite).

 
### Dependencies/API used: 

  - kotlin-stdlib;
  - AndroidX;
  - ViewModel and LiveData;
  - Android Support Design (Material Design Components);
  - Android Support Library v4 core-utils;
  - Android Support Library v4 media-compat;

# Credits:

- **Julian Javier Gomez - Axinen Design** (https://plus.google.com/u/0/+AxinenDesign) for the wonderful **material design icon**

- https://material.io/tools/icons/?style=round for icons

- **IzzySoft** (@IzzySoft https://github.com/IzzySoft) and **Poussinou** (@Poussinou https://github.com/Poussinou) for setting up the F-Droid repository

- **TacoTheDank** (@TacoTheDank - https://github.com/TacoTheDank) for updates to gradle/java 1.8

- **Dankan1890** (@dankan1890 - https://github.com/dankan1890) for some fixes to bluetooth devices

- **Harry** (@HarryHeights - https://github.com/HarryHeights) for Privacy policy

- **olayhemy** (@olayhemy ttps://github.com/olayhemy) for FAQ

- **solartcc** (@solartcc - https://github.com/solartcc) for part of the WaveSideBar:
https://github.com/Solartisan/WaveSideBar

- **sagorahmed** (@sagorahmed - https://github.com/sagorahmed) for an important bug report #62

- **Alex Lockwood** (@alexjlockwood - https://github.com/alexjlockwood) for his important efforts on explaining Android patterns (https://www.androiddesignpatterns.com)

# Big thanks to translators:

- **Adem Furkan ÖZCAN** (@ozcanfurkan - https://github.com/ozcanfurkan) for Turkish translations

- **Malte Kiefer** (@beli3ver - https://github.com/beli3ver) for German translations

- **Luis F. Uceta** (@uzluisf - https://github.com/uzluisf) for Spanish translations

- **Stanislav** (@STWheel - https://github.com/STWheel) for Ukrainian and Russian translations and other strings/ui refinements

- **KowalskiOmniROM** (@KowalskiOmniROM https://github.com/KowalskiOmniROM) for French translations

- **Somesh Kumar** (@TheSomeshKumar https://github.com/TheSomeshKumar) for Hindi translations
